Yeah, yeah, yeah, he just spun.
When did you meet him?
And why do I not get to be introduced to him?
I'll introduce you to him when I know him a little bit.
Enough about me, tell me about your dates.
Okay, well, I brought us this cake to celebrate
because I got the job!
Oh, you made it through your stay.
Yeah, well, I almost got fired,
but once I showed them what I could do,
they gave it to me on the spot.
You are looking at Mr. Croft's new secretary.
So, tell me everything.
Is your boss, like, so rich and hot as hell?
He's definitely handsome,
but he's very in love with his fiance.
He dropped, like, $3 million on a ring
without even batting an eye.
She's a lucky woman, into Mr. Croft.
Oh, no, he's my boss, that's it.
You know me, I would never want another woman's man.
I just don't want you catching feelings
with the wrong guy and getting hurt.
After the bridal shop fiasco,
I had my heart on lockdown.
At the ring, my boss just bought for his fiance.